README.md, before:

# ASMA-GAN
## Anisotropic Stroke Control for Multiple Artists Style Transfer
## Proceedings of the 28th ACM International Conference on Multimedia
**The official repository with Pytorch**

*This is a modified fork focussed on adding model exporting functionality, specifically to ONNX.*

## Top News <img width=8% src="./doc/img/new.gif"/>

**`2021-09-25`**: Training related code has been released.

[[Arxiv paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.08175)

![logo](/doc/img/logo.png)

![title](/doc/img/title.png)





## Methodology
![Framework](/doc/img/framework.png)


## Dependencies
- python3.6+
- pytorch1.5+
- torchvision
- pyyaml 
- paramiko 
- pandas 
- requests 
- tensorboard 
- tensorboardX 
- tqdm

## Installation
### We highly recommend you to use Anaconda for installation
```
conda create -n ASMA python=3.6
conda activate ASMA
conda install pytorch==1.5.0 torchvision==0.6.0 cudatoolkit=10.1 -c pytorch
pip install pyyaml paramiko pandas requests tensorboard tensorboardX tqdm
```

## Preparation
- **Training dataset**
    - Download the content images from [Places365](<http://data.csail.mit.edu/places/places365/train_large_places365standard.tar>) .
    - Download the artist images [data_art_backup.zip](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN/releases/download/v.1.1/data_art_backup.zip)  from  [Github Releases](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN/releases/download/v.1.1/ASMAfinal.zip). Thanks for the data in [StyleAware](<https://github.com/CompVis/adaptive-style-transfer> ).
- **pre-trained model**
    - Download the model from [Github Releases](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN/releases/download/v.1.1/ASMAfinal.zip), and unzip the files to ***./train_logs/***


## Usage
### To test with pretrained model
The command line below will generate 1088*1920 HD style migration pictures of 11 painters for each picture of testImgRoot (11 painters include: ***Berthe Moriso*** , ***Edvard Munch***, ***Ernst Ludwig Kirchner***, ***Jackson Pollock***, ***Wassily Kandinsky***, ***Oscar-Claude Monet***, ***Nicholas Roerich***, ***Paul Cézanne***, ***Pablo Picasso*** ,***Samuel Colman***, ***Vincent Willem van Gogh***. The output image(s) can be found in ***./test_logs/ASMAfinal/***
- Example of style transfer with  ***all 11*** artist styles
    ```console
    python main.py --mode test --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --testImgRoot ./bench/ --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --testScriptName common --specify_sytle -1
    ```

- Example of style transfer with  ***Pablo Picasso*** style 

    ```console
    python main.py --mode test --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --testImgRoot ./bench/ --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --testScriptName common --specify_sytle 8
    ```

- Example of style transfer with  ***Wassily Kandinsky*** style 

    ```console
    python main.py --mode test --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --testImgRoot ./bench/ --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --testScriptName common --specify_sytle 4
    ```

--version refers to the ASMAGAN training logs name.

--testImgRoot can be a folder with images or the path of a single picture.You can assign the image(s) you want to perform style transfer to this argument.

--specify_sytle is used to specify which painter's style is used for style transfer. When the value is -1, 11 painters' styles are used for image(s) respectively for style transfer. The values corresponding to each painter's style are as follows
[0: ***Berthe Moriso***, 1: ***Edvard Munch***, 2: ***Ernst Ludwig Kirchner***, 3: ***Jackson Pollock***, 4: ***Wassily Kandinsky***, 5: ***Oscar-Claude Monet***, 6: ***Nicholas Roerich***, 7: ***Paul Cézanne***, 8: ***Pablo Picasso***, 9 : ***Samuel Colman***, 10: ***Vincent Willem van Gogh***]

### Training
To train your own model, first change the dataset path in  ***./env/config.json***.

Then use:

```console
python main.py --mode train --cuda 0 --dataloader_workers 12 --version $(your experiment name) --trainYaml train.yaml
```

Change the training parameters in ***./train_configs/train.yaml***.

### Exporting
- Example of exporting trained generator to ONNX with  ***all 11*** artist styles
    ```console
    python main.py --mode export --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --exportScriptName gen_onnx
    ```
--exportScriptName refers to the name of the exporting script, excluding the prefix "export_".
*Note: For now, only the "gen_onnx" export option is available.*

## To cite our paper

```
@inproceedings{DBLP:conf/mm/ChenYLQN20,
  author    = {Xuanhong Chen and
               Xirui Yan and
               Naiyuan Liu and
               Ting Qiu and
               Bingbing Ni},
  title     = {Anisotropic Stroke Control for Multiple Artists Style Transfer},
  booktitle = {{MM} '20: The 28th {ACM} International Conference on Multimedia, 2020},
  publisher = {{ACM}},
  year      = {2020},
  url       = {https://doi.org/10.1145/3394171.3413770},
  doi       = {10.1145/3394171.3413770},
  timestamp = {Thu, 15 Oct 2020 16:32:08 +0200},
  biburl    = {https://dblp.org/rec/conf/mm/ChenYLQN20.bib},
  bibsource = {dblp computer science bibliography, https://dblp.org}
}
```

## Some Results
![Results1](/doc/img/total.png)

## Related Projects
Learn about our other projects [[RainNet]](https://neuralchen.github.io/RainNet), [[Sketch Generation]](https://github.com/TZYSJTU/Sketch-Generation-with-Drawing-Process-Guided-by-Vector-Flow-and-Grayscale), [[CooGAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/CooGAN), [[Knowledge Style Transfer]](https://github.com/AceSix/Knowledge_Transfer), [[SimSwap]](https://github.com/neuralchen/SimSwap),[[ASMA-GAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN),[[Pretrained_VGG19]](https://github.com/neuralchen/Pretrained_VGG19).

## High Resolution Results

<img src="./doc/img/7.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/8.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>

<img src="./doc/img/9.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/10.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>

<img src="./doc/img/11.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/12.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>

<img src="./doc/img/13.png"  style="zoom: 12%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/14.png"  style="zoom: 12%;"/>

Commit message:

Add ONNX opset selection for exporting

README.md, after:

# ASMA-GAN
## Anisotropic Stroke Control for Multiple Artists Style Transfer
## Proceedings of the 28th ACM International Conference on Multimedia
**The official repository with Pytorch**

*This is a modified fork focussed on adding model exporting functionality, specifically to ONNX.*

## Top News <img width=8% src="./doc/img/new.gif"/>

**`2021-09-25`**: Training related code has been released.

[[Arxiv paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.08175)

![logo](/doc/img/logo.png)

![title](/doc/img/title.png)





## Methodology
![Framework](/doc/img/framework.png)


## Dependencies
- python3.6+
- pytorch1.5+
- torchvision
- pyyaml 
- paramiko 
- pandas 
- requests 
- tensorboard 
- tensorboardX 
- tqdm

## Installation
### We highly recommend you to use Anaconda for installation
```
conda create -n ASMA python=3.6
conda activate ASMA
conda install pytorch==1.5.0 torchvision==0.6.0 cudatoolkit=10.1 -c pytorch
pip install pyyaml paramiko pandas requests tensorboard tensorboardX tqdm
```

## Preparation
- **Training dataset**
    - Download the content images from [Places365](<http://data.csail.mit.edu/places/places365/train_large_places365standard.tar>) .
    - Download the artist images [data_art_backup.zip](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN/releases/download/v.1.1/data_art_backup.zip)  from  [Github Releases](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN/releases/download/v.1.1/ASMAfinal.zip). Thanks for the data in [StyleAware](<https://github.com/CompVis/adaptive-style-transfer> ).
- **pre-trained model**
    - Download the model from [Github Releases](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN/releases/download/v.1.1/ASMAfinal.zip), and unzip the files to ***./train_logs/***


## Usage
### To test with pretrained model
The command line below will generate 1088*1920 HD style migration pictures of 11 painters for each picture of testImgRoot (11 painters include: ***Berthe Moriso*** , ***Edvard Munch***, ***Ernst Ludwig Kirchner***, ***Jackson Pollock***, ***Wassily Kandinsky***, ***Oscar-Claude Monet***, ***Nicholas Roerich***, ***Paul Cézanne***, ***Pablo Picasso*** ,***Samuel Colman***, ***Vincent Willem van Gogh***. The output image(s) can be found in ***./test_logs/ASMAfinal/***
- Example of style transfer with  ***all 11*** artist styles
    ```console
    python main.py --mode test --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --testImgRoot ./bench/ --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --testScriptName common --specify_sytle -1
    ```

- Example of style transfer with  ***Pablo Picasso*** style 

    ```console
    python main.py --mode test --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --testImgRoot ./bench/ --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --testScriptName common --specify_sytle 8
    ```

- Example of style transfer with  ***Wassily Kandinsky*** style 

    ```console
    python main.py --mode test --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --testImgRoot ./bench/ --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --testScriptName common --specify_sytle 4
    ```

--version refers to the ASMAGAN training logs name.

--testImgRoot can be a folder with images or the path of a single picture.You can assign the image(s) you want to perform style transfer to this argument.

--specify_sytle is used to specify which painter's style is used for style transfer. When the value is -1, 11 painters' styles are used for image(s) respectively for style transfer. The values corresponding to each painter's style are as follows
[0: ***Berthe Moriso***, 1: ***Edvard Munch***, 2: ***Ernst Ludwig Kirchner***, 3: ***Jackson Pollock***, 4: ***Wassily Kandinsky***, 5: ***Oscar-Claude Monet***, 6: ***Nicholas Roerich***, 7: ***Paul Cézanne***, 8: ***Pablo Picasso***, 9 : ***Samuel Colman***, 10: ***Vincent Willem van Gogh***]

### Training
To train your own model, first change the dataset path in  ***./env/config.json***.

Then use:

```console
python main.py --mode train --cuda 0 --dataloader_workers 12 --version $(your experiment name) --trainYaml train.yaml
```

Change the training parameters in ***./train_configs/train.yaml***.

### Exporting
- Example of exporting trained generator to ONNX with  ***all 11*** artist styles
    ```console
    python main.py --mode export --cuda 0 --version ASMAfinal --dataloader_workers 8 --nodeName localhost --checkpoint 350000 --exportScriptName gen_onnx --onnxOpset 9
    ```
--exportScriptName refers to the name of the exporting script, excluding the prefix "export_".
*Note: For now, only the "gen_onnx" export option is available.*
--onnxOpset refers to the ONNX opset version to export the model to

## To cite our paper

```
@inproceedings{DBLP:conf/mm/ChenYLQN20,
  author    = {Xuanhong Chen and
               Xirui Yan and
               Naiyuan Liu and
               Ting Qiu and
               Bingbing Ni},
  title     = {Anisotropic Stroke Control for Multiple Artists Style Transfer},
  booktitle = {{MM} '20: The 28th {ACM} International Conference on Multimedia, 2020},
  publisher = {{ACM}},
  year      = {2020},
  url       = {https://doi.org/10.1145/3394171.3413770},
  doi       = {10.1145/3394171.3413770},
  timestamp = {Thu, 15 Oct 2020 16:32:08 +0200},
  biburl    = {https://dblp.org/rec/conf/mm/ChenYLQN20.bib},
  bibsource = {dblp computer science bibliography, https://dblp.org}
}
```

## Some Results
![Results1](/doc/img/total.png)

## Related Projects
Learn about our other projects [[RainNet]](https://neuralchen.github.io/RainNet), [[Sketch Generation]](https://github.com/TZYSJTU/Sketch-Generation-with-Drawing-Process-Guided-by-Vector-Flow-and-Grayscale), [[CooGAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/CooGAN), [[Knowledge Style Transfer]](https://github.com/AceSix/Knowledge_Transfer), [[SimSwap]](https://github.com/neuralchen/SimSwap),[[ASMA-GAN]](https://github.com/neuralchen/ASMAGAN),[[Pretrained_VGG19]](https://github.com/neuralchen/Pretrained_VGG19).

## High Resolution Results

<img src="./doc/img/7.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/8.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>

<img src="./doc/img/9.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/10.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>

<img src="./doc/img/11.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/12.png"  style="zoom: 20%;"/>

<img src="./doc/img/13.png"  style="zoom: 12%;"/>
<img src="./doc/img/14.png"  style="zoom: 12%;"/>
